Thanks. I really appreciate the help.
Even with all your tentacles, you can't carry all the lab equipment at once!
But with your help, we can still do it in one trip.
You're as dependable as I'd expect from class officers.
You could've done it in multiple Mach-speed trips just as easily, though.
No, no. A few helping hands makes it all the merrier.
Tell me, Sensei.
Yes?
Do you feel at home in E Class now?
I can't believe you actually asked him!
Yes. I very much enjoy being your teacher.
That's weird.
Is it?
Of course it is!
Who would've thought a weird octopus thing could be a teacher?
Guess it's just a matter of getting used to it, though.
He actually teaches us. I'd say that makes him more or less acceptable.
I guess so.
Even if he is an assassination target.
That's a vital detail!
Don't forget it, all right?
He seriously prepared the lab while dodging three knives at once?
You okay, Maehara?
Y-Yeah.
You know a sneak attack that simple just isn't gonna cut it.
All right! Let's begin our lesson!
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
seishun satsubatsuron m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst sei sei shun
seishun satsubatsuron
shun sa sa tsu tsu ba ba tsu tsu ron ron
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
kuchi ni dasu no wa jikkou suru toki
We only speak of it when we're getting into action ku
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
ku m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 13 Sugino Tomohito
Student No. 11 Shiota Nagisa
Student No. 6 Kataoka Megu Student No. 7 Kayano Kaede
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto da da
chi chi Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
ni ni Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto no no
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto wa wa
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ji ji
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto k k
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ko ko
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto u u
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ru ru to to ki ki
sore ga kakkoii koto shitteru sa
Because we know it's cool that way so so
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We only speak of it when we're getting into action
Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 17 Nakamura Rio
Student No. 19 Hayami Rinka
Student No. 2 Isogai Yuuma
Student No. 23 Mimura Kouki
Student No. 3 Okajima Taiga
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ka ka
re re Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
ga ga Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke k k
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ko ko
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke i i
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke to to
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke shi shi
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke t t
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke te te
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
target sagashite bokura wa satsubatsu
We'll find our target and unleash our bloodthirst mo
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ru ru
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke tar tar sa sa get get
Because we know it's cool that way sa sa ga ga shi shi
te te bo bo ku ku ra ra wa wa sa sa tsu tsu ba ba
omoi wa mayou mayoedo susumu
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless tsu tsu
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless o o
mo i i m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
wa wa Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 9 Kimura Masayoshi
Student No. 10 Kurahashi Hirano
Student No. 8 Kanzaki Yukiko
Student No. 25 Yada Touka m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
ma ma Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka u u
Student No. 25 Yada Touka ma ma
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
Student No. 25 Yada Touka e e
Student No. 25 Yada Touka do do
Student No. 25 Yada Touka su su
Student No. 25 Yada Touka mu mu
Student No. 25 Yada Touka
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless
migite to migiashi issho ni desou da
We can barely walk straight m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
mi mi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 24 Muramatsu Takuya
Student No. 16 Terasaka Ryouma
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei to to
Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
gi gi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
te te Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei mi mi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei gi gi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei a a
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei shi shi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei i i
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei s s
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei sho sho
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei ni ni
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei de de so so u u da da
Student No. 1 Akabane Karma
Student No. 5 Okuda Manami
Student No. 12 Sugaya Sousuke
Student No. 20 Hara Sumire m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 20 Hara Sumire
We can barely walk straight m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
What is this wave of nervousness?
We can barely walk straight na na n n na na n n da da
i i ra ra i i ra ra no no ha ha do do
bokura no sonzai no shoumei m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Is it a proof of our existence?
u u wa wa nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
bo bo nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
ku ku ra ra no no so so n n za za i i no no sho sho u
u me me i i tsuki wo miage takamaru
It surges as we look up into the moon tsu tsu
Crescent Moon Crescent Moon ki ki Crescent Moon wo wo
Classified Information mi mi Classified Information a
a The "End" Class ge ge ta ta Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success ka ka Superbeing ma ma
Ministry of Defense Ministry of Defense ru ru
Ministry of Defense
Destruction Destruction Kunugigaoka Junior High School
Kunugigaoka Junior High School Mach Mach
saa saa sassassatto start
Now, let's get this assassination started saa saa
Mach Mach Mach Mach Mach saa saa
Lessons Teacher sa sa Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom ssa
ssa Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom
ssa tto tto start start saa saa sassassatto start
Now, let's get this assassination started
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki
ki re re nai nai yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki
ki re re nai nai m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de
We start off whispering about overthrowing the status quo
ge ge n n jo jo u u da da ha ha wo wo chi chi i i sa
sa na na ko ko e e m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
yagate zekkyou shitaku naru aa de de
But soon enough we'll feel like crying out, "Argh!"
ya ya genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de
ga ga te te ze ze k k kyou kyou shi shi ta ta ku ku na
na ru ru aa aa m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai ya ya ri ri ki ki tte
tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki ki
yareba dekiru sa We can do it if we try re re nai nai
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try ra ra yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try ya ya ri ri ki ki re re
kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can nai nai kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can douse to iu no wa kantan dakedo
It's easy to say it's all futile and give up dou dou
se se to to iu iu no no wa wa kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can ka ka kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
Yes, we can n n ta ta n n da da ke ke do do
ima wa agaite mitain da But for now we want to fight it
i i Special Anti-teacher Bullets ma ma
Special Anti-teacher Bullets wa wa a a ga ga
Class Change i i te te mi mi ta ta Slithery Snicker i
i Slithery Snicker n n da da kimi to hajikete mitain da
We want to have a blast with you ki ki Ten Billion Yen
mi mi to to ha ha ji ji ke ke te te
Isolated School Building Isolated School Building mi
mi ta ta i i n n da da saredo seishun wa mirai e go
And we will still reach the future sa sa re re do do
sei sei shun shun wa wa mi mi rai rai e e go go
saredo seishun wa mirai e go
And we will still reach the future
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
saa saa saa m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Let's go saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa Let's go
saa saa saa Let's go
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
seishun satsubatsuron m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst sei sei shun
shun sa sa tsu tsu ba ba tsu tsu ron ron
seishun satsubatsuron
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
Episode Assembly Time
It's bright red!
All right!
And with that, our experiment to extract artificial color from junk food...
is a success!
I'll take care of the leftover items.
What?!
We bought those ourselves!
He just did this to get his tentacles on enough snacks to last until payday tomorrow.
Why is a super-organism that could destroy the Earth living paycheck-to-paycheck?
U-Um, Sensei... Can I help you, Okuda-san?
Umm...
This is poison!
Please drink it!
The up-front approach, I see.
I guess... that's too much to ask?
My, this is certainly a straightforward assassination attempt, Okuda-san.
W-Well, umm...
I'm not good at surprise attacks and stuff like everyone else.
But I am good at chemistry,
so I put my heart and soul into this!
Heart and soul?
O-Okuda...
No one would be dumb enough to drink it just like that.
Well, then!
I would be delighted to!
No way!
He drank it!
Th-This is...
Is it working?!
Is this for real?!
He, uh, grew horns.
Ah, yes. This tastes like sodium hydroxide.
It's poisonous to humans, but not to me, I'm afraid.
Oh... There are two others, correct?
Y-Yes!
Well, without further ado...
This time he grew wings!
His face is getting pretty tricked out!
Ah, thallium acetate.
Now for the last one!
What's going to happen?!
What'll this one do?
His face turned blank.
These changes are just too unpredictable!
Aqua regia, I see.
It doesn't get any blanker than that!
The only effect they have is on my face.
He's like a living emoticon!
Even if you come to hate me, please don't hate assassination.
What brought that on?!
Also, Okuda-san.
I can't allow my students to make poison unsupervised. It's not safe.
I understand. Sorry.
If you have some time later on...
why don't we work together on a poison that'll really kill me?
O-Okay!
Making poison with the target?
I'll have to ask her what it ends up being.
All right!
Here it comes!
Hurry!
All right!
Got it!
Heads up!
Score!
Say, Karasuma...
It's awful hot today.
Don't you think so, Karasuma?
If you're feeling hot, give yourself some space.
I'm not your target. Quit fooling around.
What a stick in the mud.
If you hope to remain here as a teacher, I suggest you pull yourself together.
It's so humid and sticky here. It's disgusting.
Why doesn't this campus have any air conditioning?
I've asked the school to improve these facilities, but they refuse.
Huh?
Damn!
Nice! That was a clean hit!
That's just the type of place this is.
Now, let's add it to the ethanol.
Oh, and be careful not to inhale the fumes.
Okay!
Your grades in science are superb, but...
But everything else goes right over my head.
It's only natural that I ended up in E Class.
Japanese class, especially.
I never know the right way to phrase things or how to express my feelings as a person.
But I'm okay with that.
Because equations and formulas always have a right answer.
They're free of fussy word games and complicated emotions.
That's true.
In that case... I have a homework assignment for you.
Handle it with the utmost of care!
So he told you to bring that poison to class?
Yeah!
He said this one should theoretically work the best!
He even drew a comic describing how to store poison correctly.
He's always ready to lend a hand.
A poison that'll kill him?
Step 2.
Add rat snake fangs and bat wings to (1).
Heat the mixture until you see a color change, then pass it through a filter.
Upon use, make a four- to five-fold dilution in ethanol.
Add some sugar to finish it off if you prefer. (Do not taste it!)
Key Point Make sure to pre-wet your
filter paper with the solvent.
Proper Storage of Poisonous Substances
Keep it away from direct sunlight.
Don't mix with water.
Don't add sugar past midnight.
Follow the guidelines and enjoy your assassination!
I'm glad I stored my poison properly!
If only I'd stored it correctly back then!
No... Let's break up. You're too dangerous.
I also made 5 girlfriends
Since then, I got into a top university
When stored properly When stored improperly
Step 2.
Add rat snake fangs and bat wings to (1).
Heat the mixture until you see a color change, then pass it through a filter.
Upon use, make a four- to five-fold dilution in ethanol.
Add some sugar to finish it off if you prefer. (Do not taste it!)
Key Point Make sure to pre-wet your
filter paper with the solvent.
Proper Storage of Poisonous Substances
Keep it away from direct sunlight.
Don't mix with water.
Don't add sugar past midnight.
Follow the guidelines and enjoy your assassination!
I'm glad I stored my poison properly!
If only I'd stored it correctly back then!
No... Let's break up. You're too dangerous.
I also made 5 girlfriends
Since then, I got into a top university
When stored properly When stored improperly Step 2.
When stored properly When stored improperly
What's he thinking?
Step 2.
When stored properly When stored improperly
Make sure to pre-wet your No... When stored properly
Let's break up. You're too dangerous.
When stored improperly
Key Point Let's break up. You're too dangerous.
I'm guessing it's his way of encouraging me.
I think he wants me to hone my strengths, even if I'm not good with words!
Okay, everyone!
Oh, he's here! Go give it to him!
Please be seated!
Here it is, Sensei.
Wonderful!
Well then, down the hatch!
Thank you, Okuda-san.
Huh?
With your concoction, I can advance to a new state of being.
What... do you mean?
Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew
Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew Phew
He melted?!
I actually had you produce a tonic that would stimulate my cells and enhance my fluidity.
As a liquid, I can now fit into the tightest of spaces.
Um, why are you in there?
What's more, I'm still as speedy as ever!
Go ahead! Just try and kill me!
This is one messed-up teacher!
What was that poison, Okuda-san?!
Y-You tricked me, Korosensei!
Having the verbal aptitude to deceive others is a vital part of assassination, Okuda-san.
Huh?
Verbal aptitude?
Even the most potent of poisons is wasted
if you offer it in such a naïve way that your target can take advantage of you.
Nagisa-kun, how would you try to poison me?
Huh? Hmm...
I'd probably mix it into a sweet drink you like...
For you!
Thanks!
...and then offer it to you as a special drink I made.
Very good.
To deceive someone, you must understand their feelings
and tailor your words accordingly.
Language is the key to an effective poisoning.
I'm sure that one day, your scientific talents will benefit many.
You'll need to explain things clearly to as many people as possible.
So by developing your language skills to kill me, you can poison two birds with one vial.
I-I will!
We've got a lot more to think about than assassination, it seems.
Even a student brandishing a deadly poison is powerless in the face of Korosensei.
I guess taking our teacher's life is still a distant dream for us all.
Hurry!
If we're late, who knows what they'll do to us this time!
Oh, yeah. We've already had to clean out the main campus' flowerbeds.
Man, that was rough. Their flowerbeds are way too huge.
I don't wanna hear that after you slacked off the whole time!
Did I?
Damn it! Why are we the only ones who have to put up with this?
Teach Teach Teach us, us, us, Teach Kunundo Teach
Kunundo Teach Kunundo us, us, us, Teach Kunundo Teach
Kunundo Teach Kunundo Surprise!
n do n do n do us, us, us, Teach Ku nu Teach Ku nu
Teach Ku nu n do n do n do n do n do n do do n do n do
n Teach us, Kunudon!
Hi, everybody! It's me, Kunudon!
us, Teach Ku nu do n us, Teach Ku nu do n us, Teach Ku
nu do n us, us, us, do n do n do n
Kunudon!
E Class has its own special building, far away from the main campus!
m 335 352.75 l 330 341.25 b 329.5 340.125 328.875 339.375 328 339.125 327.125 338.75 326.25 338.75 325.25 339.25 324.375 339.625 323.625 340.25 323 341.125 322.5 341.875 322.25 342.875 322.375 344 l 327.5 356 322.75 358 314.875 339.625 319.25 337.875 320.25 340.125 b 320.25 339.125 320.75 338.125 321.5 337.25 322.375 336.375 323.5 335.5 325 334.875 326 334.5 327 334.25 327.875 334.25 328.875 334.125 329.75 334.375 330.625 334.625 331.5 335 332.25 335.5 332.875 336.125 333.5 336.75 334.125 337.625 334.5 338.5 l 339.75 350.75 m 313.75 362.125 l 304.625 344.375 309.25 342 318.375 359.75 m 303.25 341.875 l 300.875 337.25 305.625 334.875 308 339.375 m 299.375 357.875 b 299.25 358.375 299 358.875 298.5 359.375 298 359.875 297.5 360.5 296.75 361.125 296 361.75 295.5 362.5 295.125 363.125 294.75 363.75 294.875 364.5 295.25 365.25 l 295.375 365.5 b 296 366.625 297.125 366.875 298.5 366.125 299 365.875 299.375 365.625 299.75 365.25 300 365 300.375 364.625 300.625 364.25 301 363.75 301.125 363.375 301.25 362.875 301.375 362.5 301.375 362 301.25 361.5 m 310.5 364.125 b 310.25 364.375 310 364.5 309.75 364.625 309.625 364.75 309.375 364.875 309.125 365 308.25 365.5 307.375 365.75 306.5 365.625 305.5 365.625 304.875 365.25 304.375 364.625 304.125 365.75 303.625 366.75 302.625 367.625 301.625 368.625 300.5 369.5 299.25 370.125 297.375 371.125 295.75 371.375 294.375 371 293.125 370.625 292 369.75 291.25 368.25 l 291.125 368 b 290.25 366.375 290.125 364.75 290.625 363.25 291.125 361.75 292.375 360.25 294.125 358.75 294.625 358.375 295.125 357.875 295.625 357.5 296.125 357 296.5 356.625 296.75 356.25 297.125 355.875 297.25 355.5 297.375 355.25 297.5 354.875 297.5 354.625 297.375 354.375 297 353.625 296.625 353.25 296 353.25 295.375 353.25 294.5 353.5 293.5 354.125 293 354.375 292.625 354.625 292.125 355 291.75 355.375 291.375 355.875 291 356.375 290.625 356.875 290.25 357.375 290 357.875 289.75 358.5 289.625 359 289.5 359.5 l 286 357.25 b 286.375 355.875 287 354.625 288 353.375 289 352.25 290.375 351.25 292 350.375 294.5 349.125 296.5 348.625 298.25 348.875 300 349.125 301.375 350.25 302.375 352.25 l 306.25 359.75 b 306.5 360.375 306.875 360.75 307.25 360.75 307.625 360.875 308.125 360.75 308.625 360.5 308.875 360.375 309.125 360.25 309.5 360 m 291 374.375 b 289.5 375.125 288.375 375.625 287.25 376 286.125 376.375 285.25 376.5 284.375 376.375 283.625 376.25 282.875 375.875 282.25 375.375 281.625 374.875 281 374 280.5 373 l 275.75 363.75 273.25 365 271.375 361.5 274.125 360.125 271.25 354.5 275.625 352.25 278.5 357.875 281.625 356.25 283.375 359.75 280.375 361.375 284.625 369.625 b 284.875 370.25 285.125 370.75 285.5 371 285.75 371.25 286 371.5 286.375 371.5 286.75 371.5 287.25 371.375 287.75 371.125 288.25 370.875 289 370.625 289.875 370.125 m 272.875 383.25 l 267.125 372 b 266.5 370.875 265.75 370.25 264.875 370 264 369.75 263.125 369.875 262.25 370.375 261.25 370.75 260.625 371.5 260.125 372.375 259.625 373.25 259.375 374.25 259.625 375.25 l 265.625 386.875 261 389.25 251.875 371.5 256.125 369.375 257.25 371.625 b 257.25 370.625 257.625 369.625 258.375 368.625 259.125 367.625 260.125 366.75 261.625 366 262.625 365.5 263.5 365.25 264.5 365.125 265.5 365 266.375 365.125 267.25 365.375 268.125 365.625 268.875 366.125 269.625 366.75 270.25 367.375 270.875 368.125 271.375 369 l 277.375 380.875 m 252.25 393.75 l 251.125 391.5 b 251.125 392.625 250.75 393.625 250 394.625 249.125 395.625 248.125 396.375 246.875 397 245.875 397.5 244.875 397.875 244 398 243 398.125 242.125 398 241.25 397.75 240.375 397.5 239.625 397.125 238.875 396.5 238.25 396 237.625 395.25 237.125 394.375 l 231 382.25 235.5 379.875 241.25 390.875 b 241.75 392 242.5 392.625 243.375 392.875 244.25 393.125 245.125 393 246.125 392.625 247 392.125 247.75 391.375 248.25 390.625 248.75 389.75 248.875 388.75 248.625 387.625 l 242.75 376.125 247.375 373.875 256.5 391.625 m 227.375 395.375 b 226.5 393.625 225.375 392.375 224 391.875 222.625 391.25 221.375 391.375 220 392 218.625 392.625 217.875 393.75 217.5 395.125 217.25 396.625 217.5 398.25 218.375 400 218.875 400.875 219.375 401.625 220 402.125 220.5 402.75 221.125 403.125 221.75 403.5 222.375 403.75 223.125 403.875 223.75 403.875 224.5 403.875 225.125 403.625 225.75 403.375 227.125 402.625 228 401.625 228.25 400.125 228.625 398.75 228.25 397.125 227.375 395.375 m 231.875 393 b 232.625 394.375 233.125 395.75 233.25 397.125 233.375 398.5 233.375 399.75 233 401 232.625 402.125 232 403.25 231.125 404.25 230.25 405.375 229 406.125 227.625 406.875 226.25 407.625 224.875 408 223.5 408.125 222.25 408.375 220.875 408.125 219.75 407.75 218.5 407.375 217.375 406.75 216.375 405.75 215.375 404.875 214.5 403.75 213.75 402.375 213.125 400.875 212.625 399.5 212.5 398.125 212.375 396.75 212.375 395.5 212.75 394.25 213.125 393.125 213.75 392 214.75 391 215.625 390 216.75 389.125 218.125 388.375 219.5 387.625 220.875 387.25 222.25 387.125 223.625 387 224.875 387.125 226 387.5 227.25 387.875 228.375 388.625 229.375 389.5 230.375 390.375 231.25 391.625 231.875 393 m 209.75 415.625 l 203.375 403.125 b 203.125 402.625 202.875 402 202.5 401.125 202 400.375 201.625 399.5 201.25 398.625 200.875 397.875 200.5 397 200.125 396.25 199.75 395.375 199.5 394.75 199.25 394.375 l 199.125 394.375 b 199.25 394.75 199.5 395.25 199.625 395.75 199.75 396.25 200 396.75 200.125 397.25 200.25 397.75 200.375 398.25 200.5 398.75 200.625 399.25 200.75 399.625 200.75 400 l 204.5 418.375 199.625 420.75 186.75 407.375 b 186.5 407.125 186.25 406.75 185.875 406.375 185.5 406 185.25 405.5 184.875 405.125 184.5 404.625 184.25 404.25 183.875 403.875 183.625 403.375 183.375 403 183.125 402.625 l 182.875 402.75 b 183.25 403.25 183.5 403.875 184 404.5 184.375 405.25 184.875 406.125 185.375 406.875 185.75 407.75 186.25 408.5 186.625 409.25 187.125 410.125 187.5 410.75 187.75 411.375 l 194.125 423.625 190.125 425.75 177.25 400.75 183.875 397.375 196.75 411 b 197.125 411.375 197.375 411.75 197.625 412.125 198 412.5 198.25 413 198.5 413.375 198.875 413.75 199.125 414.125 199.25 414.375 199.5 414.75 199.625 414.875 199.75 415 l 199.75 415 b 199.75 414.875 199.75 414.625 199.625 414.25 199.5 413.875 199.25 413.5 199.125 413 199 412.625 198.75 412.125 198.625 411.625 198.5 411.125 198.375 410.75 198.25 410.375 l 194.5 391.875 201.375 388.375 214.125 413.375 m 170.75 428.625 l 168.375 424.75 179.75 417.75 182.125 421.75 m 161 428.375 b 160.375 427.375 159.5 426.875 158.5 426.75 157.375 426.625 156.375 426.875 155.25 427.625 154 428.375 153.125 429.375 152.75 430.5 152.5 431.75 152.625 433 153.375 434.5 m 155.375 437.625 b 156.25 438.625 157.25 439.25 158.625 439.25 159.875 439.375 161.125 439 162.375 438.25 163.375 437.625 164.25 436.75 165 435.75 165.625 434.625 165.875 433.5 165.875 432.25 l 169.625 433.625 b 169.5 434.375 169.375 435.25 169.125 436 168.875 436.75 168.625 437.5 168.125 438.25 167.75 438.875 167.125 439.5 166.5 440.125 165.875 440.75 165 441.375 164.125 441.875 162.875 442.75 161.5 443.25 160.25 443.375 159 443.625 157.625 443.625 156.5 443.25 155.25 442.875 154.125 442.375 153.125 441.5 152 440.625 151 439.5 150.25 438.125 149.5 436.875 149 435.625 148.625 434.25 148.375 433 148.375 431.75 148.625 430.5 148.875 429.25 149.375 428.125 150.125 427 150.875 426 151.875 425 153.25 424.125 154.5 423.375 155.75 423 156.875 422.75 158.125 422.625 159.375 422.625 160.5 423 161.625 423.375 162.75 424 163.75 424.75 164.75 425.625 165.75 426.75 166.5 428 l 166.75 428.5 m 147.625 451.375 l 141.125 440.625 b 140.5 439.625 139.75 439 138.75 438.75 137.875 438.625 137 438.75 136.125 439.25 135.25 439.875 134.5 440.625 134.125 441.5 133.75 442.375 133.625 443.375 133.875 444.5 l 140.625 455.625 136.25 458.25 121.75 434.25 126.125 431.625 131.375 440.25 b 131.375 439.5 131.625 438.5 132.25 437.625 132.875 436.75 133.875 435.875 135.125 435 136.125 434.5 137 434.125 138 433.875 138.875 433.75 139.75 433.75 140.625 433.875 141.5 434 142.25 434.375 143 434.875 143.75 435.375 144.375 436.125 144.875 437 l 152 448.75 m 133 460.75 b 131.625 461.625 130.375 462.25 129.375 462.625 128.375 463 127.375 463.25 126.5 463.25 125.75 463.125 125 462.875 124.375 462.375 123.625 461.875 123 461.125 122.375 460.125 l 117 451.25 114.625 452.75 112.5 449.25 115.125 447.75 111.875 442.375 116.125 439.875 119.375 445.125 122.375 443.375 124.375 446.75 121.5 448.5 126.25 456.5 b 126.625 457.125 126.875 457.5 127.25 457.875 127.5 458.125 127.875 458.25 128.125 458.25 128.5 458.25 129 458.125 129.5 457.75 130.125 457.5 130.75 457.125 131.625 456.625 m 105 468.375 l 102.625 464.375 114.125 457.5 116.5 461.375 m 100.875 479.75 l 94.25 469 b 93.625 467.875 92.875 467.25 92 467.125 91.125 466.875 90.25 467.125 89.375 467.625 88.5 468.125 87.75 468.875 87.375 469.75 86.875 470.625 86.875 471.625 87.125 472.75 l 93.875 483.875 89.5 486.625 79.125 469.5 83.125 467.125 84.5 469.25 b 84.375 468.25 84.75 467.25 85.375 466.125 86 465.125 87 464.25 88.5 463.375 89.375 462.75 90.25 462.375 91.25 462.25 92.25 462.125 93.125 462.125 94 462.375 94.875 462.625 95.625 463 96.375 463.5 97.125 464.125 97.75 464.75 98.375 465.625 l 105.25 477 m 82.375 490.875 l 77.5 493.875 69 484.875 b 68.75 484.75 68.625 484.5 68.375 484.125 68.125 483.875 67.875 483.625 67.625 483.25 67.5 483 67.25 482.625 67 482.25 66.75 482 66.625 481.75 66.5 481.5 l 66.375 481.5 b 66.5 481.75 66.75 482.125 66.875 482.375 67 482.75 67.25 483 67.375 483.375 67.5 483.75 67.75 484.125 67.875 484.5 68 484.75 68.125 485.125 68.25 485.375 l 72 497.125 66.875 500.25 52 486 56.375 483.25 65.375 492.25 b 65.5 492.375 65.625 492.625 65.875 492.875 66.125 493.25 66.375 493.5 66.625 493.875 66.75 494.25 67 494.5 67.25 494.875 67.5 495.125 67.625 495.375 67.75 495.5 l 67.875 495.5 b 67.75 495.375 67.625 495.125 67.375 494.75 67.25 494.5 67 494.125 66.875 493.75 66.625 493.375 66.5 493 66.375 492.75 66.125 492.375 66 492.125 66 492 l 62 479.875 66.875 476.875 76 486 b 76.125 486.125 76.375 486.375 76.5 486.75 76.75 487 77 487.25 77.25 487.625 77.375 487.875 77.625 488.25 77.875 488.5 78 488.75 78.125 489 78.25 489.125 l 78.375 489.125 b 78.25 489 78.125 488.75 78 488.375 77.75 488.125 77.625 487.75 77.375 487.375 77.25 487.125 77.125 486.75 76.875 486.5 76.75 486.125 76.625 485.875 76.625 485.625 l 72.625 473.5 76.75 470.875 m 51.5 498 b 50.375 496.25 49.25 495.125 47.875 494.625 46.5 494.25 45.125 494.375 43.875 495.125 42.625 495.875 41.875 497 41.625 498.375 41.375 499.875 41.75 501.5 42.875 503.125 43.375 504 43.875 504.75 44.5 505.25 45.125 505.75 45.75 506.125 46.5 506.375 47.125 506.625 47.75 506.75 48.5 506.625 49.125 506.625 49.875 506.375 50.5 506 51.75 505.25 52.5 504.125 52.75 502.625 52.875 501.25 52.5 499.625 51.5 498 m 55.875 495.25 b 56.625 496.625 57.25 498 57.5 499.25 57.75 500.625 57.75 501.875 57.375 503.125 57.125 504.375 56.625 505.5 55.75 506.625 55 507.625 53.875 508.625 52.5 509.5 51.25 510.25 49.875 510.75 48.5 511 47.25 511.25 45.875 511.125 44.75 510.875 43.5 510.5 42.375 510 41.25 509.125 40.125 508.25 39.25 507.125 38.375 505.875 37.625 504.5 37 503.125 36.75 501.75 36.5 500.375 36.5 499.125 36.875 497.875 37.125 496.625 37.625 495.5 38.5 494.375 39.375 493.375 40.375 492.375 41.75 491.625 43.125 490.75 44.375 490.25 45.75 490 47.125 489.75 48.375 489.875 49.625 490.125 50.75 490.5 52 491.125 53 492 54.125 492.75 55 493.875 55.875 495.25 m 28.875 506.875 b 28.125 505.5 27.25 504.5 26.25 503.75 25.25 502.875 24.375 502.375 23.25 502 22.25 501.75 21.125 501.75 20 501.875 18.875 502 17.75 502.5 16.625 503.125 l 13.25 505.25 23 521.5 26.625 519.25 b 27.75 518.625 28.625 517.875 29.25 516.875 29.875 516 30.375 515 30.5 513.875 30.625 512.75 30.625 511.625 30.375 510.375 30.125 509.25 29.625 508 28.875 506.875 m 33.5 504 b 34.625 505.875 35.25 507.625 35.625 509.375 36 511.25 36 512.875 35.75 514.5 35.375 516.25 34.75 517.75 33.625 519.125 32.625 520.625 31.25 521.875 29.5 522.875 l 20.75 528.125 6.25 504.125 14.875 498.875 b 16.625 497.875 18.375 497.25 20 497 21.75 496.625 23.5 496.75 25.125 497.25 26.75 497.625 28.25 498.5 29.75 499.625 31.125 500.75 32.375 502.25 33.5 504
Teach Teach Teach us, us, us,
us, us, us,
m 438.875 294.75 b 438.375 293.625 437.625 293 436.625 292.75 435.625 292.5 434.5 292.625 433.25 293.125 431.875 293.625 431 294.5 430.375 295.625 429.875 296.75 429.875 298.125 430.375 299.625 m 431.875 303 b 432.625 304.125 433.625 304.875 434.875 305.125 436.125 305.5 437.375 305.25 438.625 304.75 439.875 304.25 440.875 303.5 441.625 302.625 442.5 301.625 443 300.5 443.125 299.25 l 446.625 301.125 b 446.375 302 446.125 302.75 445.75 303.5 445.375 304.25 445 304.875 444.5 305.5 443.875 306.125 443.25 306.625 442.5 307.25 441.75 307.75 440.875 308.125 439.875 308.625 438.5 309.125 437.125 309.5 435.875 309.5 434.5 309.5 433.25 309.25 432.125 308.75 431 308.25 430 307.5 429 306.5 428.125 305.5 427.375 304.25 426.75 302.75 426.25 301.5 425.875 300.125 425.75 298.75 425.75 297.375 425.875 296.125 426.25 295 426.75 293.75 427.375 292.75 428.25 291.75 429.125 290.875 430.375 290 431.75 289.5 433.125 288.875 434.375 288.625 435.625 288.625 436.875 288.625 438.125 288.875 439.125 289.375 440.25 289.875 441.25 290.625 442.125 291.625 443 292.625 443.75 293.875 444.375 295.25 l 444.625 295.75 m 422.25 315.375 l 417.25 303.875 b 416.375 301.625 415 300.875 413.125 301.625 412.25 302 411.75 302.625 411.375 303.5 411.125 304.25 411.125 305.125 411.5 306 l 416.5 317.875 411.875 319.875 407 308.25 b 406 306 404.625 305.25 402.875 306 402.125 306.375 401.625 306.875 401.375 307.5 401.125 308.25 401 309 401.125 309.875 l 406.375 322.125 401.625 324.25 393.75 305.875 398.125 304 399 306.125 b 399.125 305.25 399.5 304.375 400.125 303.5 400.75 302.625 401.625 302 403 301.375 404.125 300.875 405.25 300.75 406.375 300.875 407.375 301.125 408.25 301.5 409 302.25 409 301.25 409.375 300.25 410.125 299.25 411 298.375 412 297.625 413.375 297 414.125 296.625 415 296.5 415.875 296.5 416.625 296.5 417.375 296.625 418.125 297 418.875 297.25 419.5 297.75 420.125 298.375 420.625 299 421.125 299.75 421.5 300.75 l 427 313.375 m 387.75 318.875 b 387.5 319.375 387.25 319.875 386.625 320.375 386.125 320.875 385.5 321.375 384.875 322 384 322.625 383.375 323.25 383 323.875 382.75 324.5 382.75 325.25 383 326 l 383.125 326.25 b 383.75 327.375 384.75 327.75 386.25 327 386.625 326.875 387 326.625 387.5 326.375 387.875 326 388.25 325.75 388.5 325.375 388.75 324.875 389 324.5 389.25 324 389.375 323.625 389.375 323.125 389.375 322.75 m 398.25 326 b 398.125 326.125 397.875 326.25 397.625 326.375 397.375 326.5 397.125 326.625 396.875 326.75 396 327.125 395 327.25 394.125 327.25 393.25 327.125 392.625 326.75 392.125 326 391.875 327 391.25 328 390.25 328.875 389.25 329.75 388 330.5 386.625 331.125 384.75 332 383.125 332.125 381.75 331.625 380.5 331.125 379.5 330.25 378.75 328.625 l 378.75 328.5 b 378 326.75 377.875 325.125 378.5 323.75 379.125 322.25 380.5 320.875 382.375 319.5 382.875 319 383.5 318.625 384 318.25 384.375 317.875 384.875 317.5 385.125 317.125 385.5 316.75 385.75 316.5 385.875 316.125 386 315.75 386 315.5 386 315.25 385.625 314.5 385.125 314.125 384.625 314.125 384 314.125 383.125 314.25 382 314.75 381.625 314.875 381.125 315.25 380.625 315.625 380.25 316 379.75 316.375 379.375 316.875 379 317.25 378.625 317.75 378.375 318.375 378 318.875 377.875 319.375 377.75 319.875 l 374.375 317.375 b 374.75 316 375.5 314.75 376.625 313.75 377.625 312.625 379.125 311.625 380.75 311 383.375 309.875 385.5 309.5 387.125 309.875 388.875 310.25 390.125 311.5 391 313.5 l 394.375 321.375 b 394.625 321.875 394.875 322.25 395.25 322.375 395.625 322.5 396.125 322.5 396.625 322.25 397 322.125 397.25 321.875 397.5 321.75 m 373.25 335.75 b 372 337.25 370.25 338.5 367.875 339.5 366 340.25 364.125 340.625 362.375 340.75 360.625 340.75 358.875 340.375 357.25 339.75 355.75 339 354.25 338 352.875 336.5 351.625 335.125 350.5 333.375 349.5 331.125 348.625 329.125 348.125 327.125 348 325.25 347.875 323.25 348.125 321.5 348.625 319.875 349.25 318.375 350.125 316.875 351.25 315.625 352.5 314.375 354 313.375 355.625 312.625 358.25 311.5 360.5 311.125 362.625 311.375 364.625 311.625 366.375 312.375 367.75 313.5 l 365.875 317.75 b 364.75 316.875 363.625 316.25 362.25 316 360.875 315.75 359.375 316 358 316.625 356.875 317 356 317.625 355.25 318.5 354.5 319.25 354 320.25 353.75 321.25 353.375 322.375 353.25 323.5 353.375 324.875 353.5 326.125 353.875 327.5 354.5 329 355.25 330.625 356 331.875 356.875 332.875 357.75 333.875 358.75 334.75 359.75 335.25 360.875 335.75 361.875 336 363 336 364 336 365.125 335.875 366.125 335.375 367.5 334.875 368.5 334.125 369.25 333.25 370 332.375 370.375 331.5 370.5 330.5 l 368.625 326.25 362.375 328.875 360.625 324.75 371.125 320.25 375.5 330.625 b 375.375 332.5 374.625 334.25 373.25 335.75
Ku Ku Ku nu nu nu
nu nu nu do do do n n n
n n n
To keep its underachievers from affecting the rest of the student body,
Start Start Start Start Start Start Start Start Start
Start Start Start Really? That's super!
Start Start Start
Normally, E Class students aren't allowed to set foot on the main campus.
The only exception is when they come down the mountain for school assemblies.
Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal
Goal Goal Goal All during their lunch break, of course!
Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal
Th-The bridge!
All right! Who told us this was a shortcut?!
Okajima!
To maintain discipline, those scumbags in E Class
are required to line up in the gymnasium before all the other classes!
Good luck!
Snakes!
Okajima-kun!
Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal
Goal Goal Get yer scummy asses in gear!
Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal
Now, gimme a "Yes, Sir!"
Sir, yes, Sir! Yay!
Boulders!
O-Okajima!
Who poked that beehive?!
He's... sure been through a lot.
I hope he'll be okay.
Yeah.
For crying out loud! Enough with the bees and everything!
Luckily, Okajima took a few for the team.
Are you all right?
Karasuma-sensei!
There's no rush. If we keep this pace, we'll have time to spare.
Hold on,
you brats!
Oh! Bitch-sensei!
No one told me anything about a class trip during lunch break!
Wow, you're a real mess, Bitch-sensei.
Do you know how exhausting it is to run in heels?!
Karasuma-sensei.
Where's Korosensei?
We can't risk the other students seeing him,
so I had him wait at the old campus.
I'm an outcast, all alone... Shunned Sensei...
It's not much farther to the main campus. Let's go.
Okay... Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal
Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal Goal
Goal
Th-That freakin' killed me.
We made it.
Yeah, somehow.
Come on, guys! Let's hurry and line up!
Okay...
Yeah, yeah...
Nagisa-kun!
So glad you could make it!
Must've been tough comin' down the mountain, I'm sure!
There's an all-school assembly once a month.
Even here, E Class gets "special" treatment.
And all we can do is grin and bear it.
In short, you are the cream of the crop— this nation's chosen elite!
I, your school dean, can vouch for that!
But if you're not careful...
you could wind up as worthless as you-know-who!
Now, now. We mustn't laugh at their expense.
Hey, Nagisa. Where's Karma?
I suppose my comment was out of line.
Playing hooky.
What?!
Just him?!
He knows he'll get punished for skipping assembly, but he says he doesn't care.
It's times like this I wish I were an honor student bad-boy.
I hear ya.
This method is always so effective, sir!
Thanks to it, our students' acceptance rate into top universities—
3-E aside—is extremely high!
This is preparation for the real world, so to speak.
Now is our chance to instill in them the desire to avoid failure.
It's unfortunate, but people develop the most when they have someone to look down upon.
That makes sense!
I always act based on reason.
In administration and assassination alike,
adhering to logic is all that matters.
Next, we'll have an address by the student council.
Please have the speakers begin their preparations.
Hello. I'm Karasuma, the E Class teacher.
Who's that teacher?
He's so stylish and cool!
As I work on a separate campus, I thought I'd use this opportunity to say hello.
Uh... Okay!
Hey!
Check it out!
Oh!
Oh, Karasuma-sensei!
We decorated our knife sheaths!
Cute, huh!
Cuteness is all well and good, but don't pull them out in public!
We absolutely cannot let the other classes find out about the assassination!
O-Okay... Who's that guy? An E Class teacher?
They seem to get along pretty well.
I'm kinda jealous.
All the guys and teachers in our class are butt-ugly.
Wh-Who's that hot-ass white chick?!
Bitch-sensei was ready to drop just a minute ago, too.
W-Wait for me!
Vanity's in her veins, all right.
Is she an E Class teacher too?
That's kinda cool.
What are you doing here?
Don't give me that. I'm their teacher too.
So you do consider yourself a teacher?
Plus, I wanted to check out the other students.
Hardly worth the trip.
Oh, yeah.
Nagisa.
Now that we've ditched that octopus, I thought I'd ask you something.
You've been keeping track of all of his weaknesses, right?
Let me borrow your notebook.
What? I already told you all of the ones that matter.
Oh, come on. You're just trying to hide the juicy stuff!
No, I'm serious—
Come on! Give it to me, kid!
Don't make me smother you!
I can't breathe! Your boobs are too much, Bitch-sensei!
God damn, I wish that was me.
That's one hot bitch.
What the hell?
The End Class isn't supposed to have fun!
Ow! That hurts!
Attention, please.
The student council events are explained on the handouts you've just been given.
Huh? What?
Where are ours?
June Events School Survey Sports Tournament
Physical Fitness Test
Excuse me, sir! E Class didn't get any handouts!
Oh?
You didn't get any? How strange.
I'm sorry! Seems like we forgot to make enough copies for you!
I guess you'll just have to memorize the whole thing before you leave!
But hey, you and your classmates could stand to sharpen your memorization skills, right?
What the hell? Could he be any more sadistic?
Isogai-kun.
What are you... Oh, there we go!
Now, does everyone have a handwritten copy?
Student Council Newsletter Yes, sir!
Oh, we got our handouts! Please continue!
What? N-No way! How?!
Hey, now! Who killed our fun?!
Er, um, ahem... Let us continue!
We'll take a look at the upcoming student council schedule.
The student council...
I explicitly told you not to show yourself to the rest of the school!
Your very existence is a state secret, you know!
Oh, come on. My disguise is flawless.
No one will ever know.
He must've gotten lonely.
Can't blame him, I guess.
Whoa, where did that teacher come from?
He seems kind of big. And... floppy.
And that other teacher's attacking him all of a sudden.
Is she trying to stab him?
Ow! That hurts!
Now she's being taken away.
I don't get it.
That's Bitch-sensei for you!
We're going on ahead, Nagisa!
Okay! I'll catch up after I buy something to drink!
Hey. Nagisa.
Don't you think you guys are gettin' a bit too big for your britches?
Huh?
Laughin' during the assembly and stuff...
How about learning some respect?
You E-Class losers should just keep your heads down where they belong.
What with your crappy lives weighin' you down and all.
Hey. What's with that dirty look?
This damn school...
None of the students trying to assassinate me...
would ever let people like that get the better of them.
You dumb in more ways than one? Say something!
Or d'you want me to kill you?!
Kill?
Kill...
"Kill," huh?
Like you've ever tried to kill someone before.
Wh-What was that look?
It was bloodlust.
See? My students are much more... motivated.
E Class...
The End Class is shoving aside anyone who gets in their way.
But that's not how we do things. Not at my school.
It seems I'll have to make a few changes.
The assassination can wait.
This is my top priority now.
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Ne xt Ep iso de
Okuda-san, some plants contain poison, so be careful about eating them!
Even though poison parsnip has "poison" in the name,
people have eaten its rootstocks after mistaking them for wasabi.
And people often eat wolfsbane after mistaking them for edible plants like flaccid anemone.
Episode Exam Time
Next time on Assassination Classroom: Exam Time.